net: lib: nrf_cloud: Clean up KConfigs so they don't clutter unrelated samples (#20074)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

> * :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library:

Reviewer: We need an update to most, if not all, nRF Cloud library documents which have something like this:
`Configure the CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_COAP option to enable or disable the use of this library.`
https://ncsdoc.z6.web.core.windows.net/PR-20074/nrf/libraries/networking/nrf_cloud_coap.html

Now also `CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD` must be enabled to get this sub-library into use.

Author: Changes has been applied to all the "sub-libraries" that will depend now from CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD to be enabled.

>   * Added the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD` Kconfig option for adding extra options for projects not related to nRF Cloud.

Reviewer: As this is a breaking change, you should mention it in the migration guide too.

Author: I have contacted Divya to follow up on this point

>   * Added the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD` Kconfig option for adding extra options for projects not related to nRF Cloud.

Author: You are right, I changed it

* :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library:

>   * Updated to use the :ref:`lib_downloader` library for CoAP downloads.
>   * Fixed addind extra Kconfig options for non nrf Cloud projects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Added the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD` Kconfig option for adding extra options for projects not related to nRF Cloud.
  * Updated to use the :ref:`lib_downloader` library for CoAP downloads.
```

Reviewer 2: I hope I managed to keep the idea right.
